What is meant by Testing??
Checking the quality of any product
Verification of Capabilities
Finding the defects
Balancing the Risk Management
expected vs actual
Meet the customer expectation with his requirement

With out Testing what happens??
We are missing quality of the product
Product is good / bad
Loosing customers
Waste of Money
Loss of Time

Software Testing??

Verifying the software whether it is working as per the requirements


Gathering the requirements for a login functionality??

1. UI / Front end / Display buttons or fields are dispalying as per the requirements
2. All the required fields / elements should be displayed on the screen
3. Username fields is working as per the requirement like
allows max 15 characters
allow all type of characters, numerics, small and capital letters etc.,
allow min 5 characters etc.,
4. Password field is working as per the requirement
5. Login button is working as expected like
valid username and valid password should login
valid username and invalid password should not login

How many ways we are going to perform software testing??
Manual & Automation

What is your role??
QA Engineer / quality Engineer / Software Tester / Automation Tester / Automation Architect / Test Lead / Project Manager / Quality Analyst
Quality Manager.

What are your roles & Responsibilities as a Functional Tester / QA Engineer ??
Analysing requirements
Finalising the scenarios
Writting the test cases
Reviwing the test cases (optional)
Gathering the test data (optional)
Executing the test cases
Finding the defects (deviation from reqirement)
Report the defects to the developers
Verifying the defects after the code is updated / modified
Complete the test case execution with maximum no defects

What is meant by Automation??
Testing the application by using the tools
Reducing the manual effort
Performing the tasks by using any script / programming language
Helps in reducing the repetative tasks
To reduce the manual errors

What are the steps involved in developing the software??
Gather the requirements from the client
Analyse / Freeze the requirements
Design the code/project
Developing the code
Testing the code
Deploy the code 

For Developing the software what are the tools required??
1. Server
2. Software - Programming Language / Database / Requirement management Tools / Defect Management Tools / Tracking Tools etc.,
3. Hardware - Ram / Hard disk / Storage / Network Access etc.,
4. License

Why Software needs to updated ??
1. Based on the market expectations
2. Eradicate errors / bugs
3. Updating the functionalities
4. Improve Security
5. Improve the Speed
6. Improve the quality
7. Improve the performance
8. update the functionalities
9. Market demands
10. Better user experience
11. Increasing the customers
12. More Revenue 
13. Competition


Why repetative testing is required??

1. Based on the market expectations
2. Eradicate errors / bugs
3. Updating the functionalities
4. Improve Security
5. Improve the Speed
6. Improve the quality
7. Improve the performance
8. update the functionalities
9. Market demands
10. Better user experience
11. Increasing the customers
12. More Revenue 
13. Competition
14. Because of new functionalities the old functionalities should not effect


What are the roles & responsibilities of an Automation Tester??

Analyzing the requirements
Designing the framework
Enhancing the framework to suit project demands
Developing Test Scripts 
Executing Test Scripts
Maintenace / Updating Test Scripts as per the enhancements / requirements
Triggering the batch as per the demand


Assignment:
1. Roles & Responsibilities of Funtional Tester?
2. Roles & Responsibilities of Automation Tester?
3. Phases is SDLC - Software Development Life Cycle
4. Software Testing Life cycle
5. Different software languages are available & percentage of users?
6. Different Automation Tools & - percentage of users?
7. Differerent ways of performing Manual Testing?
8. Purpose of Software Testing?
9. What is meant by Domain & Different domains that are available in the market? 
















